Jetpack: Update changelog for 12.2 (#31053)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 12.2-beta - 2023-05-29
### Major Enhancements
- Add an AI Assistant block, replacing the previous experimental AI Paragraph and AI Image blocks.
- Donations, Paid Content and Payment Buttons blocks are now available with all Jetpack plans. A commission is charged for free plans.

### Enhancements
- Author Recommendations: Connected block with backend and added `remove_user_blogs` option. [#30639]
- Blocks: Rename "Premium Content" block to "Paid Content" block. [#30775]
- Contact Form: Improve spam filtering. [#30755]
- Dashboard: Add Jetpack Boost module. [#30877]
- Forms: Improve styling of response emails. [#30088]
- Forms: Introduce Multiple Choice and Single Choice style variations. [#30319]
- Forms: Update pattern modal default view to Grid. [#28906]
- Image CDN: Replace Photon implementation with the image-cdn package. [#30050]
- Maps: Add Mapkit maps. [#29098]
- Modules list: Update to current styles. Visual refresh, if you will. [#30282]
- My Plan: Display the correct plan for Jetpack Security and Backup 2-year plans. [#31013]

> - My Plan: Hide the "My Plan" on My Plan page if user has a paid project and a free plan. This way, users won't have much or conflicting information on that page. [#30804]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- My Plan: Hide the "My Plan" on My Plan page if user has a paid product and a free plan. [#30804]
```

Author: Huh, I thought I cleaned that one up already.

- My Plan: Properly display plans with no expiration date. [#30519]
- Newsletters: Add misconfiguration warning functionality and improve design. [#30446]
- Newsletters: Add newsletter access level to the post edit page. [#30172]
- Newsletters: Add Post Publish Panel. [#30668]

> - Newsletters: Enable on self-hosred environments. [#30952]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Newsletters: Enable on self-hosted environments. [#30952]
```
